Flot 0.5
--------

Backwards API change summary: Timestamps are now in UTC. Also
"selected" event -> becomes "plotselected" with new data, the
parameters for setSelection are now different (but backwards
compatibility hooks are in place), coloredAreas becomes markings with
a new interface (but backwards compatibility hooks are in place).


Interactivity: added a new "plothover" event and this and the
"plotclick" event now returns the closest data item (based on patch by
/david, patch by Mark Byers for bar support). See the revamped
"interacting with the data" example for some hints on what you can do.

Highlighting: you can now highlight points and datapoints are
autohighlighted when you hover over them (if hovering is turned on).

Support for dual axis has been added (based on patch by someone who's
annoyed and /david). For each data series you can specify which axes
it belongs to, and there are two more axes, x2axis and y2axis, to
customize. This affects the "selected" event which has been renamed to
"plotselected" and spews out { xaxis: { from: -10, to: 20 } ... },
setSelection in which the parameters are on a new form (backwards
compatible hooks are in place so old code shouldn't break) and
markings (formerly coloredAreas).

Timestamps in time mode are now displayed according to
UTC instead of the time zone of the visitor. This affects the way the
timestamps should be input; you'll probably have to offset the
timestamps according to your local time zone. It also affects any
custom date handling code (which basically now should use the
equivalent UTC date mehods, e.g. .setUTCMonth() instead of
.setMonth().

Added support for specifying the size of tick labels (axis.labelWidth,
axis.labelHeight). Useful for specifying a max label size to keep
multiple plots aligned.

Markings, previously coloredAreas, are now specified as ranges on the
axes, like { xaxis: { from: 0, to: 10 }}. Furthermore with markings
you can now draw horizontal/vertical lines by setting from and to to
the same coordinate (idea from line support patch by by Ryan Funduk).

The "fill" option can now be a number that specifies the opacity of
the fill.

You can now specify a coordinate as null (like [2, null]) and Flot
will take the other coordinate into account when scaling the axes
(based on patch by joebno).

New option for bars "align". Set it to "center" to center the bars on
the value they represent.

setSelection now takes a second parameter which you can use to prevent
the method from firing the "plotselected" handler. 

Using the "container" option in legend now overwrites the container
element instead of just appending to it (fixes infinite legend bug,
reported by several people, fix by Brad Dewey).

Fixed a bug in calculating spacing around the plot (reported by
timothytoe). Fixed a bug in finding max values for all-negative data
sets. Prevent the possibility of eternal looping in tick calculations.
Fixed a bug when borderWidth is set to 0 (reported by
Rob/sanchothefat). Fixed a bug with drawing bars extending below 0
(reported by James Hewitt, patch by Ryan Funduk). Fixed a
bug with line widths of bars (reported by MikeM). Fixed a bug with
'nw' and 'sw' legend positions. Improved the handling of axis
auto-scaling with bars. Fixed a bug with multi-line x-axis tick
labels (reported by Luca Ciano). IE-fix help by Savage Zhang.


Flot 0.4
--------

API changes: deprecated axis.noTicks in favor of just specifying the
number as axis.ticks. So "xaxis: { noTicks: 10 }" becomes
"xaxis: { ticks: 10 }"

Time series support. Specify axis.mode: "time", put in Javascript
timestamps as data, and Flot will automatically spit out sensible
ticks. Take a look at the two new examples. The format can be
customized with axis.timeformat and axis.monthNames, or if that fails
with axis.tickFormatter.

Support for colored background areas via grid.coloredAreas. Specify an
array of { x1, y1, x2, y2 } objects or a function that returns these
given { xmin, xmax, ymin, ymax }.

More members on the plot object (report by Chris Davies and others).
"getData" for inspecting the assigned settings on data series (e.g.
color) and "setData", "setupGrid" and "draw" for updating the contents
without a total replot.

The default number of ticks to aim for is now dependent on the size of
the plot in pixels. Support for customizing tick interval sizes
directly with axis.minTickSize and axis.tickSize.

Cleaned up the automatic axis scaling algorithm and fixed how it
interacts with ticks. Also fixed a couple of tick-related corner case
bugs (one reported by mainstreetmark, another reported by timothytoe).

The option axis.tickFormatter now takes a function with two
parameters, the second parameter is an optional object with
information about the axis. It has min, max, tickDecimals, tickSize.

Added support for segmented lines (based on patch from Michael
MacDonald) and for ignoring null and bad values (suggestion from Nick
Konidaris and joshwaihi). 

Added support for changing the border width (joebno and safoo).
Label colors can be changed via CSS by selecting the tickLabel class.

Fixed a bug in handling single-item bar series (reported by Emil
Filipov). Fixed erratic behaviour when interacting with the plot
with IE 7 (reported by Lau Bech Lauritzen). Prevent IE/Safari text
selection when selecting stuff on the canvas.



Flot 0.3
--------

This is mostly a quick-fix release because jquery.js wasn't included
in the previous zip/tarball.

Support clicking on the plot. Turn it on with grid: { clickable: true },
then you get a "plotclick" event on the graph placeholder with the
position in units of the plot.

Fixed a bug in dealing with data where min = max, thanks to Michael
Messinides.

Include jquery.js in the zip/tarball.


Flot 0.2
--------

Added support for putting a background behind the default legend. The
default is the partly transparent background color. Added
backgroundColor and backgroundOpacity to the legend options to control
this.

The ticks options can now be a callback function that takes one
parameter, an object with the attributes min and max. The function
should return a ticks array.

Added labelFormatter option in legend, useful for turning the legend
labels into links.

Fixed a couple of bugs.

The API should now be fully documented.

Patch from Guy Fraser to make parts of the code smaller.

API changes: Moved labelMargin option to grid from x/yaxis.


Flot 0.1
--------

First public release.
